Executive Summary
Software tells hardware what to do/ how to function. An software application with centralized database 
is implemented across the entire organization


Hardware

Hardware is the physical componets of a computer system,
which is the circut board,ICS (internet connection sharing)and many others. 
Without hardware your computer or any devices wouldnt work.

Hard Drives and Memory

A hard drive is the computer's memory storage. This is a permanent memory storage, for all computers, 
that stores and retreives data whenever the computer needs it. 
Computer memory is any physical device capable of storing information temporarily, 
like RAM (random access memory), or permanently, like ROM (read-only memory).

ALU and the Control Unit
 
 The ALU (arithmetic logic unit) is a digital circut used to preform arithmetic and logical operations.
 The ALU is the fundamental building block of the central processing unit (CPU) of a computer. 
 The control unit is found in the CPU. It is a component of the CPU that directs the operation of the processor.
 The CU (control unit) tells the computer's memory, arithmetic, and logic unit and input and output devices
 how to respond to instructions that have been sent to the processor.
 
CPU, Input & Output

The CPU ( control processing unit) is a piece of hardware that carries out out the intructions of a computer program.
This is the part of the computer that preforms the basic arithmetical, logical,and input & output operations of 
a computer system. Input and Output devices allow the computer system to interact with the outside world 
by moving data into and out of the system.

Logic Gates and Circuits

Logic gates are the basic building blocks for any digital system. 
Logic Gates are electronic circuit with one or more inputs but only one output. 
It is like this because the relationship between the input and the output is based on a certain logic.

IEEE

the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers)was founded in 1884 and is the world's largest technical 
professional organization that tries to advance technology for the benefit of humanity. 

Data Representation

Data Representation is the form data is stored, processed, and transmitted.
Devices like smartphones, ipods, and computers store data in digital forms.

Numeric Conversions


Hexadecimal Color Representation

Conclusion
software is developed through a process called programming and programmers use it to create programs
